Create dynamic menu example (#102)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-combobox: demo/api.md

> # auro-combobox

Reviewer: Why was all of this deleted?

</auro-accordion>

#### Dynamic Menu

> This example demonstrates loading in dynamic API data to populate the `auro-menu`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a data driven combobox. The data is used to populate the `auro-menu`. In this example, each time input value changes the data is updated and the menu is recreated.

Because the data is filtered by API call using the value in the input field, combobox does not need to handle filtering itself. The `noFilter` attribute on the combobox is required for this example to behave correctly.
```

</auro-accordion>

#### Dynamic Menu

> This example demonstrates a data driven combobox. The data is used to populate the `auro-menu`. In 

Reviewer: We need to add context to this menu here. I have no idea what to even start searching for? I just randomly typed a letter hoping to get a return.

Author: This was deleted because I sometimes delete the contents of a demo page when I am testing my code against one single example so I don't have to scroll up and down every page refresh. I am adding it back with a patch.

this example, each time the input's value changes, the data is updated and the menu is recreated.

<div class="exampleWrapper">
  <auro-combobox id="dynamicMenuExample" noFilter>
    <span slot="label">Name</span>

>     <!-- An empty menu is initialized because combobox needs a rendered dropdown, input and menu to run it's code -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <!-- The auro-combobox element requires an empty auro-menu element due to the requirements of auro-dropdown and auro-input.  -->
```

    <auro-menu id="initMenu">
    </auro-menu>
  </auro-combobox>
</div>
<auro-accordion lowProfile justifyRight>
  <span slot="trigger">See code</span>

```html
<auro-combobox id="dynamicMenuExample" noFilter>
  <span slot="label">Name</span>

>   <!-- An empty menu is initialized because combobox needs a rendered dropdown, input and menu to run it's code -->

Reviewer: See previous comment.
